Translate update for Aug (#110)
TOAST-DOCS/Data-Flow: en/release-notes.md

## Data & Analytics > DataFlow > Release Notes

### August 27, 2024 
#### Feature improvements/changes 

> * Improved how flow recent execution time is calculated. 

Reviewer: [제안]
저희 콘솔에서 `최근 실행 시간`을 `Last Executed Time`으로 노출하고 있어서 동일한 용어로 번역되면 좋겠습니다.

Author: @HeeSung-Park 수정했습니다. 감사합니다.

> * Improved how flow recent execution time is calculated. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Improved how the Last Executed Time is calculated. 
```
@HeeSung-Park 수정하였습니다. 확인 감사합니다.
